>> Mike North: We're moving on from
cross-site scripting to the second most
prevalent vulnerability in web
applications and that is CSRF,
which stands for
cross site request forgery.
And what this takes advantage of,
what this exploits, is the fact that, by
default, cookies and basic authentication
credentials, which look like these, right?
If you've ever seen this before,
this is basic authentication,
where your browser's asking for
your username and password.
They are sent along with each
request our user makes by default,
unless you sort of opt out.
And so if we, for example,
currently in this app right now,
we have a pretty horrifying problem,
where we can actually make a get request
that will transfer our funds
from one account to another.
So imagine I've got a little
image tag like this and
I put that image tag into an html
email and I send it to a customer.
If they happen to be logged in,
if their cookie works,
they'll make a request to this.
Their credentials will be passed along,
and by the time that request finishes,
they will have basically asked the bank
to transfer funds to some other account.
So this is an obviously good reason to
align with RESTful HTTP verb usage, right?
We don't want get requests
that mutate data.
But we're not safe even if we
only allow post and put requests.
Because now I just have to
take a different approach,
where I would use some social engineering
to basically call up and say,
hey, this is the IT department and
we're about to roll out a new update.
I just wanted you,
can you click on this link.
And I'll send it to you
in an email in a second,
and just please verify that it works.
And then have code that looks like this
in that landing page that I control,
where basically we have a hidden form and
with JavaScript we can programmatically
tell that form to submit.
So this will make a post request happen.
By default, we won't be able
to see what happens, right?
This will be what is
called an opaque request.
But we don't need to.
We can just try to hit a bunch of people
with this and whatever happens, happens.
I mean, we'll know what happens
if we control the other account.
We'll see money coming into it.
So we just need to basically attempt
to run this on a bunch of users
who may currently have cookies
that can be used as credentials.
And now, that the backend will say you
are an authorized user, please go ahead.
This takes advantage of the fact
that I can run code on any domain
that'll potentially hit this
across origins, across sites.